specks looked.
specks looked.
discovered in one of mankind's.
We androids hiding out in the building, so we 5 and 20 exterminating androids.
Our enemies thrown against pieces of, and it was during cleanup I a new discovery in one of the.
Multiple bottles up on shabby shelves.
of either empty or broken.
However, one bottle remained in condition.
Taking the bottle carefully into my, I confirmed the existence of multiple specks within the bottle.
A lookup in the database revealed are of plants.
However, that's all I.
After observing the bottle for, I decided to it as research material.
We machine lifeforms fighting the androids for thousands of years.
Androids are highly skilled at combat, and we unable to defeat a single android even 100 machines.
However, we end up winning regardless.
By repeatedly repairing ourselves and multiplying, we able to numbers.
If we 100 of us, we do it.
If doesn't, we do it.
We repeat over and over again and increase our numbers.
Winning a war all to.
We simply until we win.
is the important battle requirement we machine lifeforms learnt our creators.
On the other, we completely clueless about issues outside of battle.
Because of how our creators programmed us, we forbidden using gigantic weapons undue destruction to the environment.
As a result, planet is filled plants and animals.
However, we did not do research into lifeforms.
We collected information about geography and weather because be utilized to our strategic advantage.
However, information about animals and plants deemed unrelated to combat.
But is?
The chances may be low, but isn't the possibility contain on how to destroy androids?
It's a.
After all, we infinite.
enough.
After discussion in the network, it was decided the discoverer of the should be tasked to investigate.
In other, me.
I through records, but all I was a younger of plants, but I did not how transform into plants.
To end, I needed to by hacking into the androids' servers.
wasn't recorded in the androids' servers either, but after a few of searching, I managed to locate a stated sow your the climate becomes.
It appeared to be a guideline for nurturing plants.
I didn't understand precise conditions can be considered.
And used the sow, surely be surface to sow onto, but wasn't specified either.
Why are our enemies so careless?
There's no way can win against us...
For now, I by aggregating weather information and calculating an appropriate timeframe my.
I also decided to experiment various surfaces to sow onto.
Though I wanted to try out all of possibilities at once, the number of are limited.
Therefore, I limited my selections to, concrete and.
I observed plants growing all of, and if my predictions correct, be the promising candidate.
7, I confirmed the sprouted.
My predictions correct, and I shared amongst us.
24 after sowing the.
The of problem appeared.
The increased in height along the increase in temperature, was a positive.
However, multiple insects on the insides of the leaves.
After observation, I can see are depriving the of its nutrients.
The insects too to out.
Furthermore, do not attempt to escape even is splashed on.
I firing a low powered, but ended up blowing off a few leaves the sample.
are troublesome for...
no, it's precisely due to I am having a.
is a new strategic viewpoint that's overlooked by us machine lifeforms, as we do everything we can to become bigger and sturdier.
Perhaps is something we.
I the server as as I all my in.
85 after sowing the.
.
In the end, the suffered serious damage the insects.
However, it continued to.
It also had sufficient, is necessary for growth.
According to documents previously recovered, plants do in neutral or slightly alkaline, so I adding minute amounts of neutralizer to maintain condition.
However, I do not if is the way to go about nurturing plants.
I only to outside to see gigantic plants wrapping themselves tightly around buildings.
Why did plants so in?
Perhaps as a result of environmental changes, adapted to be resistant to acidic.
I looked at the growing.
I saw something and bright growing in between its leaves.
Carefully, slowly, I a closer at the object in question.
It was a, bud.
I searched through all my available.
According to the androids', object called a bud eventually transform into a flower.
The contained multiple different pictures of flowers.
Red ones, ones, ones, ones...
my search up multiple flowers, but it was insufficient to determine particular was.
Oh.
Eventually I be able to.
I put in neutralizer.
But only a little bit.
102.
.
After upon of, the plant's flowers blossomed.
Though the pictures I as reference featured big flowers, particular a number of flowers only around 5mm in diameter.
potentially be due to a difference in the of plants, but it also be I nurtured in a way.
By the way, recently, whenever I at, I experience an indescribable feeling surging up within.
I a theory it's because of how similar the flowering is to a a about explosions.
Looking, I realized I haven't used my weapons in a.
is an abnormal situation for us machine lifeforms, who to war.
However, nurturing is my important mission.
No matter how I to battle, I cannot abandon and run off.
It was I received an incoming transmission.
It was a transmission, but it was hidden behind over two hundred layers of encryption, and me to decrypt it on my own.
I didn't even to open up the to at its contents.
only a few situations in the required heavily guarded transmissions.
The contained within was a battle for an upcoming, conflict the androids.
124.
.
After the reboot, I finally regained a portion of my visual sensors.
A checkup of my revealed I functionality in one of my joints, of my sensors rendered completely useless.
I was on the ground.
18 ago, during the conflict, I was not allowed to abandon my position.
Or precisely, we didn't the luxury of issuing change of orders to an experimental entity me.
According to the remaining footage, I was by the androids and ceased functioning.
I to my, but all out unpleasant creaking noises, and I was unable to.
It looked I was damaged pretty thoroughly.
I predicted it a of repair what's available at, and experienced a of irritation.
I turned my as as possible, and a blurry object appeared in of me.
After adjusting the, I saw it was the flower.
of the was destroyed the, but a portion of it remained untouched.
Seeing as how its surroundings to a, flower was extremely fortunate.
A motionless.
A powerless me.
After observing the for the camera, I resumed the repair process.
My job isn't over yet.
It is my mission to record becomes of.
After, the continued to flowers.
I continued to record the growth of the.
22 after my reboot, my was completely repaired and to its original.
Though I become disconnected to the of the machine lifeform network during combat and cannot to reconnect, it was not a hindrance to my mission of nurturing.
I learned so far, I was able to determine the conditions improve growth.
Appropriate amounts of.
temperatures.
.
On of storms and of strong, I did everything I to secure an appropriate environment for growth.
The, once weakened battle, recovered and even flowers.
Looking at flowers, I no longer any unease.
280 passed sowing the.
I discovered a portion of the became in.
Initially, I remained optimistic as was an occurrence I multiple in the.
However, the expanded as passed by until it covered the entire.
My sensors reacting to something.
Looking up, I saw was falling.
Understanding the temperature is dropping, I put a low heater to the and to maintain its temperature.
I continued to observe it for a few, but the remained.
No, to be precise, it was crumbling away bit by bit.
I retrieved the reference materials for the in a, and to search for methods to repair the.
However, I no instructions in the.
No matter I looked at, the records only pertain to it blooms and, and did not say a of happens.
A few passed.
The temperature continued to, and snowfall became frequent.
I decided to the my.
I continued to protect the.
My mission is not over yet.
I to repair.
I understand and.
I repair.
Because I infinite.
Widasdasdasdasdads.
testin even evenn evennn testing tested?
testin testing tested?!
testin testing tested???
