Rain.
Rain.
Soil.
Oh well.
Clear skies.
Warm temperatures.
102 days later.
124 days later.
A motionless plant.
A powerless me.
But is that true?
It's worth a shot.
More than enough time.
In other words, me.
Appropriate amounts of water.
However, it continued to grow.
I put in more neutralizer.
My job isn't over yet.
A few more days passed.
I will understand and learn.
I will repair this plant.
Because I have infinite time.
However, that's all I could find.
However, we end up winning regardless.
After all, we have infinite time.
Why are our enemies so careless?
24 days after sowing the seeds.
The first signs of problem appeared.
85 days after sowing the seeds.
It was a small, small bud.
My sensors were reacting to something.
My mission is not over yet.
I have to repair this plant.
We will simply fight until we win.
They sure are troublesome for their size...
I looked down at the growing plant.
I searched through all my available data.
Eventually I will be able to tell.
But only a little bit this time.
I was lying prone on the ground.
I continued to protect the brown plant.
Most of them were either empty or broken.
However, one glass bottle remained in good condition.
Winning a war all boils down to time.
The insects were too small to pick out.
Perhaps this is something we could learn from.
The data contained multiple different pictures of flowers.
Red ones, pink ones, blue ones, white ones...
However, nurturing this plant is my important mission.
It looked like I was damaged pretty thoroughly.
280 days have passed since sowing the seeds.
Looking up, I saw that snow was falling.
Those small specks looked very much like black sand.
They were discovered in one of many mankind's ruins.
Multiple glass bottles were lined up on shabby shelves.
It appeared to be a guideline for nurturing plants.
Why did those plants grow so large in size?
It was then that I received an incoming transmission.
I continued to record the growth of the plant.
However, I found no such instructions in the data.
I decided to cover the plant with my hands.
However, we did not do much research into those lifeforms.
I didn't understand what precise conditions can be considered warm.
There's no way they can win against us like this...
It also had sufficient water, which is necessary for growth.
After days upon days of rain, the plant's flowers blossomed.
After that, the plant continued to bloom with small flowers.
Looking at those flowers, I no longer felt any unease.
The temperature continued to drop, and snowfall became more frequent.
If that doesn't work, then we will do it with 10000.
We repeat this over and over again and increase our numbers.
As a result, this planet is filled with plants and animals.
However, information about animals and plants were deemed unrelated to combat.
Therefore, I have limited my selections to sand, concrete and soil.
7 days later, I confirmed that the seeds sprouted from soil.
My predictions were correct, and I shared that fact amongst us.
In the end, the plant suffered serious damage from the insects.
I saw something white and bright growing in between its leaves.
It is my mission to record what becomes of this plant.
A lookup in the database revealed that they are seeds of plants.
I have also decided to experiment with various surfaces to sow onto.
However, multiple small insects were found on the insides of the leaves.
Carefully, slowly, I took a closer look at the object in question.
After adjusting the focus, I saw that it was the small flower.
The plant, once weakened from battle, recovered and grew even more flowers.
I discovered that a portion of the plant became brown in color.
No, to be more precise, it was crumbling away bit by bit.
We machine lifeforms have been fighting with the androids for thousands of years.
On the other hand, we were completely clueless about issues outside of battle.
To that end, I needed to start by hacking into the androids' servers.
Looking back, I realized I haven't used my weapons in a long time.
After the 24th reboot, I finally regained a portion of my visual sensors.
That is the most important battle requirement we machine lifeforms learnt from our creators.
Furthermore, they do not attempt to escape even when water is splashed on them.
I didn't even need to open up the data to guess at its contents.
By repeatedly repairing ourselves and multiplying, we were able to crush them with sheer numbers.
After some observation, I can see that they are depriving the plant of its nutrients.
no, it's precisely due to their size that I am having such a hard time.
I only have to look outside to see gigantic plants wrapping themselves tightly around buildings.
This is an abnormal situation for us machine lifeforms, who were made to wage war.
There were only a few situations in the past that required such heavily guarded transmissions.
According to the remaining video footage, I was shot by the androids and ceased functioning.
Seeing as how its surroundings were burnt to a crisp, this flower was extremely fortunate.
However, the brown parts expanded as days passed by until it covered the entire plant.
I continued to observe it for a few more days, but the plant remained brown.
We collected information about geography and weather because they could be utilized to our strategic advantage.
The plant increased in height along with the increase in temperature, which was a positive sign.
Perhaps as a result of environmental changes, they have adapted to be resistant to acidic rain.
According to the androids' data, this object called a bud will eventually transform into a flower.
18 days ago, during the large scale conflict, I was not allowed to abandon my position.
After observing the plant for some time with the camera, I resumed the self repair process.
After observing the glass bottle for some time, I decided to take it back as research material.
If we can't take them down with 100 of us, then we will do it with 1000.
For now, I will start by aggregating weather information and calculating an appropriate timeframe from my data.
I will share this with the server as soon as I have all my data in place.
However, I do not know if this is truly the right way to go about nurturing plants.
No matter how much I truly seek to battle, I cannot abandon this plant and run off.
The data contained within was a battle plan for an upcoming, large scale conflict with the androids.
22 days after my last reboot, my body was completely repaired and back to its original state.
Initially, I remained optimistic as this was an occurrence I have seen multiple times in the past.
Taking the bottle carefully into my hands, I confirmed the existence of multiple small specks within the bottle.
Though I wanted to try out all kinds of possibilities at once, the number of seeds are limited.
I turned my head as much as possible, and a white blurry object appeared in front of me.
From what I have learned so far, I was able to determine the conditions that improve plant growth.
Androids are highly skilled at combat, and we were unable to defeat a single android even with 100 machines.
my search came up with multiple flowers, but it was insufficient to determine what kind this particular plant was.
By the way, recently, whenever I look at this plant, I experience an indescribable feeling surging up from within.
Or more precisely, we didn't have the luxury of issuing change of orders to an experimental entity like me.
More than half of the plant was destroyed from the blast, but a small portion of it remained untouched.
The chances may be low, but isn't there the possibility that these seeds contain hints on how to destroy androids?
I tried firing a low powered laser, but that ended up blowing off a few leaves from the sample plant.
We found some androids hiding out in the building, so we first spent 5 days and 20 hours exterminating those androids.
After some discussion in the network, it was decided that the discoverer of the seeds should be tasked to investigate them.
And since they used the word sow, surely there must be some surface to sow onto, but that wasn't specified either.
I tried to move my body, but all that came out were unpleasant creaking noises, and I was unable to stand.
Because of how our creators programmed us, we were forbidden from using gigantic weapons that would cause undue destruction to the environment.
I have a theory that it's because of how similar the flowering plant is to a scene from a video about explosions.
On days of storms and days of strong winds, I did everything I could to secure an appropriate environment for plant growth.
I retrieved the reference materials for the first time in a while, and tried to search for methods to repair the plant.
I predicted that it will take half a month of self repair with what's available at hand, and experienced a tinge of irritation.
Understanding that the temperature is dropping, I put a low level heater next to the plant and tried hard to maintain its temperature.
I have observed plants growing from all three of them, and if my predictions were correct, then soil would be the most promising candidate.
This is a new strategic viewpoint that's been overlooked by us machine lifeforms, as we do everything we can to become bigger and sturdier.
This could potentially be due to a difference in the type of plants, but it could also be that I nurtured them in a wrong way.
A brief checkup of my body revealed that I lost functionality in one third of my joints, with half of my sensors being rendered completely useless.
Our enemies were thrown against walls like pieces of trash, and it was during cleanup that I made a new discovery in one of the small rooms.
Though the pictures I took as reference featured big flowers, this particular plant grew a large number of small flowers that were only around 5mm in diameter.
It was a short transmission, but it was hidden behind over two hundred layers of encryption, and took me four days to decrypt it on my own.
No matter which plant I looked at, the records only pertain to when it blooms and bears fruit, and did not say a word of what happens next.
According to documents that were previously recovered, plants do well in neutral or slightly alkaline water, so I have been adding minute amounts of neutralizer to maintain that condition.
I have gone through some past records, but all I could find was that seeds were a younger form of plants, but I did not know how they would transform into plants.
There wasn't much recorded in the androids' servers either, but after a few days of searching, I managed to locate a file that stated sow your seeds when the climate becomes warm.
Though I have become disconnected to the rest of the machine lifeform network during combat and cannot seem to reconnect, it was not a hindrance to my mission of nurturing this plant.
