Those small specks looked black.
Those small specks looked black.
discovered in one of mankind's ruins.
We found androids hiding out in the building, so we first spent5 and20 hours exterminating those androids.
Our enemies thrown against walls pieces of trash, and it was during cleanup I a new discovery in one of the small rooms.
Multiple glass bottles lined up on shabby shelves.
of either empty or broken.
However, one glass bottle remained in condition.
Taking the bottle carefully into my hands, I confirmed the existence of multiple small specks within the bottle.
A lookup in the database revealed are seeds of plants.
However, that's all I could.
After observing the glass bottle for, I decided to it as research material.
We machine lifeforms fighting the androids for thousands of years.
Androids are highly skilled at combat, and we unable to defeat a single android even100 machines.
However, we end up winning regardless.
By repeatedly repairing ourselves and multiplying, we able to crush sheer numbers.
If we can't100 of us, we do it1000.
If doesn't, we do it10000.
We repeat over and over again and increase our numbers.
Winning a war all boils to.
We simply fight until we win.
is the important battle requirement we machine lifeforms learnt our creators.
On the other, we completely clueless about issues outside of battle.
Because of how our creators programmed us, we forbidden using gigantic weapons would cause undue destruction to the environment.
As a result, planet is filled plants and animals.
However, we did not do research into those lifeforms.
We collected information about geography and weather because could be utilized to our strategic advantage.
However, information about animals and plants deemed unrelated to combat.
But is?
The chances may be low, but isn't there the possibility these seeds contain hints on how to destroy androids?
It's worth a.
After all, we infinite.
enough.
After discussion in the network, it was decided the discoverer of the seeds should be tasked to investigate.
In other words, me.
I through records, but all I could was seeds a younger of plants, but I did not how would transform into plants.
To end, I needed to start by hacking into the androids' servers.
There wasn't recorded in the androids' servers either, but after a few of searching, I managed to locate a stated sow your seeds the climate becomes.
It appeared to be a guideline for nurturing plants.
I didn't understand precise conditions can be considered.
And since used the sow, surely there be surface to sow onto, but wasn't specified either.
Why are our enemies so careless?
There's no way can win against us...
For now, I start by aggregating weather information and calculating an appropriate timeframe my.
I also decided to experiment various surfaces to sow onto.
Though I wanted to try out all kinds of possibilities at once, the number of seeds are limited.
Therefore, I limited my selections to, concrete and.
I observed plants growing all three of, and if my predictions correct, would be the promising candidate.
7 later, I confirmed the seeds sprouted.
My predictions correct, and I shared amongst us.
24 after sowing the seeds.
The first signs of problem appeared.
The plant increased in height along the increase in temperature, which was a positive.
However, multiple small insects found on the insides of the leaves.
After observation, I can see are depriving the plant of its nutrients.
The insects too small to out.
Furthermore, do not attempt to escape even water is splashed on.
I tried firing a low powered laser, but ended up blowing off a few leaves the sample plant.
are troublesome for their...
no, it's precisely due to their I am having a.
is a new strategic viewpoint that's overlooked by us machine lifeforms, as we do everything we can to become bigger and sturdier.
Perhaps is something we could learn.
I share the server as as I all my in place.
85 after sowing the seeds.
.
In the end, the plant suffered serious damage the insects.
However, it continued to.
It also had sufficient water, which is necessary for growth.
According to documents previously recovered, plants do in neutral or slightly alkaline water, so I adding minute amounts of neutralizer to maintain condition.
However, I do not if is truly the right way to go about nurturing plants.
I only to outside to see gigantic plants wrapping themselves tightly around buildings.
Why did those plants so large in?
Perhaps as a result of environmental changes, adapted to be resistant to acidic.
I looked at the growing plant.
I saw something white and bright growing in between its leaves.
Carefully, slowly, I a closer at the object in question.
It was a small, small bud.
I searched through all my available.
According to the androids', object called a bud eventually transform into a flower.
The contained multiple different pictures of flowers.
Red ones, ones, ones, white ones...
my search up multiple flowers, but it was insufficient to determine particular plant was.
Oh.
Eventually I be able to.
I put in neutralizer.
But only a little bit.
102 later.
Clear skies.
After upon of, the plant's flowers blossomed.
Though the pictures I as reference featured big flowers, particular plant a large number of small flowers only around5mm in diameter.
could potentially be due to a difference in the of plants, but it could also be I nurtured in a wrong way.
By the way, recently, whenever I at plant, I experience an indescribable feeling surging up within.
I a theory it's because of how similar the flowering plant is to a scene a video about explosions.
Looking, I realized I haven't used my weapons in a.
is an abnormal situation for us machine lifeforms, who to war.
However, nurturing plant is my important mission.
No matter how I truly to battle, I cannot abandon plant and run off.
It was I received an incoming transmission.
It was a short transmission, but it was hidden behind over two hundred layers of encryption, and me to decrypt it on my own.
I didn't even to open up the to guess at its contents.
There only a few situations in the required heavily guarded transmissions.
The contained within was a battle for an upcoming, large scale conflict the androids.
124 later.
.
After the24th reboot, I finally regained a portion of my visual sensors.
A brief checkup of my revealed I functionality in one third of my joints, of my sensors being rendered completely useless.
I was lying prone on the ground.
18 ago, during the large scale conflict, I was not allowed to abandon my position.
Or precisely, we didn't the luxury of issuing change of orders to an experimental entity me.
According to the remaining video footage, I was by the androids and ceased functioning.
I tried to my, but all out unpleasant creaking noises, and I was unable to stand.
It looked I was damaged pretty thoroughly.
I predicted it a month of repair what's available at, and experienced a tinge of irritation.
I turned my as as possible, and a white blurry object appeared in front of me.
After adjusting the focus, I saw it was the small flower.
of the plant was destroyed the blast, but a small portion of it remained untouched.
Seeing as how its surroundings burnt to a crisp, flower was extremely fortunate.
A motionless plant.
A powerless me.
After observing the plant for the camera, I resumed the repair process.
My job isn't over yet.
It is my mission to record becomes of plant.
After, the plant continued to bloom small flowers.
I continued to record the growth of the plant.
22 after my reboot, my was completely repaired and to its original state.
Though I become disconnected to the of the machine lifeform network during combat and cannot to reconnect, it was not a hindrance to my mission of nurturing plant.
I learned so far, I was able to determine the conditions improve plant growth.
Appropriate amounts of water.
temperatures.
.
On of storms and of strong winds, I did everything I could to secure an appropriate environment for plant growth.
The plant, once weakened battle, recovered and even flowers.
Looking at those flowers, I no longer any unease.
280 passed since sowing the seeds.
I discovered a portion of the plant became brown in color.
Initially, I remained optimistic as was an occurrence I multiple times in the.
However, the brown parts expanded as passed by until it covered the entire plant.
My sensors reacting to something.
Looking up, I saw was falling.
Understanding the temperature is dropping, I put a low level heater to the plant and tried to maintain its temperature.
I continued to observe it for a few, but the plant remained brown.
No, to be precise, it was crumbling away bit by bit.
I retrieved the reference materials for the first in a while, and tried to search for methods to repair the plant.
However, I found no instructions in the.
No matter which plant I looked at, the records only pertain to it blooms and bears fruit, and did not say a of happens.
A few passed.
The temperature continued to, and snowfall became frequent.
I decided to cover the plant my hands.
I continued to protect the brown plant.
My mission is not over yet.
I to repair plant.
I understand and learn.
I repair plant.
Because I infinite.
Widasdasdasdasdads.
testi testin even evenn evennn testing tested?
testi testin testing tested?!
testi testin testing tested???
1.
